To whom it may concern,I am gladly serving as XXX’s referee for his graduate applications. I knew XXX through an electronic car project he worked on in my lecture, and I was really impressed with his talent in mechatronics design. I would like to highlight his strong motivation in the topic of control and his capability to quickly learn and apply new knowledge. In my opinion, he is one of the most outstanding students I have ever supervised.In this project XXX worked on in my class, students are expected to build an autonomous car from scratch. This involved a combination of mechanical design, embedded system design, and control algorithms. XXX’s team not only finished the project before all other groups, but also won a solid first place in the competition, finishing the racing track far ahead of other cars.XXX demonstrated a deep understanding of control theory. For the project, he researched through papers in vehicle control, built a dynamic model for the car, and designed an innovative control loop. He was also a quick learner. Faced with STM32 electronic board for the first time, he needed minimal supervision and taught himself by reading books. He applied the new knowledge quickly to the project, and was even able to answer technical questions for other students in class.As a person, XXX has the quality of being cooperative, helpful and dedicated. He not only worked with his teammate closely, but also helped other groups debugging their hardware. He worked closely with his group and managed to finish all tasks ahead of plan despite the challenges of this project due to its system complexity and hardware limitation. I was exceedingly impressed with his performance.I have been with the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Tsinghua for over 20 years, and had quite a few talented students. My student SSS, for example, is now a new faculty member at the Robotics Institute, Carnegie Mellon University. XXX clearly shares with her common qualities of diligence, strong motivation and exceptional talent. I see unlimited possibility in XXX and would expect great academic achievement from him. Again, I very strongly recommend him for your program.Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions about XXX.Sincerely,YYY