Dear Admissions Committee,I have been a professor at the Institute of Mechatronic Engineering, Department of Mechanical Engineering, Tsinghua University since XXXX. It is with pleasure that I strongly endorse XXX for his application to your program.XXX has an excellent academic performance, ranking XXX in his graduating class. In his junior year, XXX attended my course XXXX and achieved the highest score in class. This is one of the most challenging courses for Tsinghua Mechanical Engineering undergraduates. XXX also demonstrated the quality I am glad to see in a growing researcher, with a solid command of theories and strong inquisitive spirits. I gave him an A+, which I rarely give students, as an honorary grade for his outstanding performance.In this class, I assigned students independent research tasks on manufacturing topics, which typically involve sensors and mechanics. XXX’s group researched on the correlation between force and velocity while machining a layered material. After experiments, XXX noticed abnormalities in the output of a six-dimensional force sensor. In my many years of teaching this course, he was the first student to question the data obtained from this sensor. He further read the sensor datasheet, researched its working principles, and had discussions with me. It turned out that our previous understanding of the sensor was not correct. Thanks to his inquisitive spirit, this discovery altered our understanding of the sensor data.XXX also showed a solid foundation in mathematics. In the final presentation, XXX employed advanced statistics methods to interpret the experimental data. He demonstrated a deep understanding of probability and statistics, which is not common among Mechanical Engineering students. Also, he was awarded bonus points in homework by offering different perspectives in his solutions, including applying algorithms like the Monte Carlo method for manufacturing problems. I believe his wide knowledge and interdisciplinary background will help him go further in future research.In my discussion with XXX on his future plans, I was glad to see his determination and dedication regarding a career in robotics. He had a clear vision for himself, and was already enrolled in several graduate-level robotics and control courses. I feel excited for his potential and I hereby strongly recommend him for your program.YYY,Professor of Mechanical EngineeringTsinghua University